Mrs. Wu is very badly injured.
If we don't send her to the hospital,
she will die.
Li Qi, send her to the hospital.
If she dies,
we don't need to talk about our contract.
Huo Jiu Ling!
Lian Lian!
Boss, when we found her,
her ribs were already broken.
Huo Jiu Ling!
You're a murderer!
What are you doing standing there?
Hurry up and send her to the hospital.
That, Huo Jiu Ling,
Mrs. Luo is seriously injured,
I'm worried and want to go to the hospital to see her.
Are you a doctor or a nurse?
What good will it do you to go to the hospital?
I just want to check.
She won't die,
she's worth 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan,
Li Qi won't let her die.
Blow up all of Li Qi's
establishments in Rome.
These people deal with
you this way,
is that how they always treat you?
I'm really so violent,
I need to think carefully,
how I can leave this man.
Where are you taking me?
Ji Ling, do you know what
sound that is?
Your… your woman…
shows your true feelings.
It's almost midnight now,
where do you think I'll take you?